hey everybody its dr. Mark Hyman welcome
my kitchen and we're going to make
dinner I love to make food at home it's
the best thing you can do real food real
ingredients at home with your friends
and family there's nothing better so
it's not that hard this is a simple
spicy beef taco with guacamole simple to
do for my eat fat get thin cookbook we
have grass-fed beef you want is only the
best quality animal protein not feedlot
beef but grass fed no hormones
antibiotics pesticides it's got more
omega-3 fats more antioxidants better
for you and taste better a little more
festive but worth it and we have olive
oil extra virgin olive oil by the best
because it's full of polyphenols
antioxidants it actually protects
against heart disease and so much and
it's delicious and then spices spices
are critical spices have all sorts of
antioxidants and any planetary compounds
or phytochemicals with all sorts of
powerful name compounds then get chilly
here coriander cumin just makes a great
beef taco but it's also really good for
you we got black pepper and we have sea
salt and we have some just delicious
vegetables you tomatoes and onions and
garlic which add all sorts of beneficial
properties your diet cilantro which is a
great detoxifying antioxidant red
cabbage which is more phytonutrients and
is also great detox fire and of course
avocado is my favorite full of
monounsaturated fats such a good for you
and lines for the guacamole and making
it tastes good and it's also good
nutrients in there so this is all
medicine all good stuff and great for
you so here we go we're going to start
and by the way you know I get a lot of
my staples at a place called thrive
market which is a fantastic online
market it's a discount market where you
can get all the best quality whole fresh
real foods for twenty-five to fifty
percent off the retail price
I'll ship it directly to your door so I
get all my staples nuts seeds spices
salt pepper and all the ingredients I
use for cooking really come from there
and it's great I encourage you to check
it out ok so let's get started we heat
up a pan and we're going to start with
olive oil you can measure it out I don't
usually worry about measuring to my
you know just kind of my ballpark coat
the pan a little bit a couple of
tablespoons or so of olive oil
and you don't want to heat all about to
hot because it can go bad it can
actually go rancid and get damaged you
want to just heat it up gently on the
pan instead of just looking and not
super bad and throw in the garlic and
the onions and let it down for a bit and
then we put in the beef and the spices
delicious and amazing cooking is one of
those essential simple tasks that we
have to learn how to do if we don't know
how to cook we can't feed our bodies
it's so simple it's so essential you
know what it's fun you get to play with
your food I love to play with my food
and you get to smell these awesome
smells garlic onions and olive oils and
my favorite smells so once the onions
and garlic cook down a little bit you
grab the ground beef and grass-fed of
course and you just kind of put in here
and then smooch it up make sure it's all
smooshed up sometimes you can use your
hog I sent I use my hands when I cook I
play with my food it's kind of fun well
you don't be touching anybody else after
you fetch raw meat that's not a good
idea
total for that but just want to chuck it
all up into nice little chunks and don't
burn yourself I'm going to look down and
put the spices in all the spikes that
pre-measure we've got cumin coriander
and chili all together then we sprinkle
it all in here
so we're just letting the talk let's
cook up a little bit and then we're
gonna make guacamole now I wash my hands
in between and I wash the ball so don't
worry we are going to make guacamole now
people they know bok moly you're so hard
how long you make wakka moly but it's
actually pretty easy I'll use avocados a
little bit of lime salt and pepper and
that's it and here's my secret way of
cutting the avocado it's great you don't
cut your hands and then you take the pit
and you can just notch it with the knife
like this little trick pops right out I
have to make a mess and then you
basically scoop out the guacamole
avocado into a bowl voila so you can
scoop try it out and put all in a bowl I
just make a couple of a cosworth and
avocados just full of powerful in any
disease compounds that are so delicious
is so rich it's so creamy and you can
use it in all sorts of things you can
use it enough in smoothies you can use
in soups you can make ice cream out of
it it's awesome food and then we take
some limes and we slice them up actually
for the condiment right so we have a
little bit of limes here for afterwards
so we can sprinkle them on our taco and
then we want to take some line and
actually put it in the in the guacamole
and I have my favorite little hand tool
here everybody's all these fancy
machines this is a simple squeeze there
for lemons or limes I love it then you
squeeze it all in there and squeeze the
other one and we've got two lime juices
in there and super-easy a little bit of
salt a little bit of pepper and well you
got guacamole and then you smush it very
simple in your fork you can get a potato
masher but it's pretty easy you just go
chop it up mush it up and it takes a
minute and it's all while the beef tacos
cooking so you kind of maximize your
time and you have every
ready when the tacos are done in about
three minutes we're going to have a taco
so it's quick it's easy it's simple
doesn't take a long time and it actually
it's so delicious and so good for you
and you get all the good quality fats
from the olive oil from the guacamole
and from the grass-fed beef which you
know interesting has a far more omega-3
fats then then you'd imagine and because
they eat grass and that's where actually
wild animals get all their omega-3 is
from eating wild plants and you know
feedlot beef has no omega-3 and people
epi has way more omega sixes which are
inflammatory and are problematic so here
you go you got your wok Amole so easy
guacamole and then you actually spread
it on the on the leaves and the way we
make the tacos is we don't use flour
tacos or torn tacos we want to reduce
our grains as part of the eat packet in
program we just have to take a little
bit let me sort of spread it on here
like a basic sort of creamy kind of
filling for the taco on the lettuce wrap
I like these a lot but you don't have to
do so much and you know we pretty much
have our tacos done it's so simple and
we're going to take now the beef which
is done it's ELISA ground beef and put
it in here Oh yummy stuff here we go and
then we just put a little bit of the
ground beef inside the taco oh here we
go
and little bit in here there's a lot of
tacos let's meet your whole family and
you can kind of wrap it up at the end
and you get to just get like a like a
taco
take a little cilantro we're on cilantro
you tomatoes the tomatoes and easiest to
cook it's not that hard even a doctor
can do it imagine that and and then you
take a little line and spritz it on
that's it and lime and well I you got
your tacos dinner how these use that and
everybody's happy your family your kids
happy they love it it's delicious and
it's easy to make it's good for you so I
encourage you to get in your kitchens
take back your kitchens take back your
homes eat real food and use ingredients
that you know and love and get some
places that are great like fried market
so have a great time cooking enjoy your
kitchen enjoy your family and you know
you